Add `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to `SubdomainNavBar` along with accessibility guidance (#1075)
primer/brand: apps/docs/content/components/SubdomainNavBar.mdx

render(App)
```

## Accessibility

> When using the `SubdomainNavBar`, use the `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to detect when the mobile menu is opened or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `SubdomainNavBar`, use the `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to detect when the menu is opened or closed on narrow viewports.
```

| `title`              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                               |                     | The title or name of the subdomain. Appears adjacent to the logo and is required for communicating content to assisitive technologies. |
| `titleHref`          | `string`                                                                                                                                                                               |         `/`         | The URL for the site. Typically used to link the title prop value to the site root.                                                    |
| `ref`                | `React.RefObject`                                                                                                                                                                      |                     | Forward a Ref to the underlying DOM node                                                                                               |

> | `onNarrowMenuToggle` | `(isOpen: boolean) => void`                                                                                                                                                            |                     | When the mobile menu is opened or closed, this callback is called with the new open state.                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onNarrowMenuToggle` | `(isOpen: boolean) => void`                                                                                                                                                            |                     | When the menu is opened or closed on narrow viewports, this callback is called with the new open state.                                             |
```

render(App)
```

## Accessibility

> When using the `SubdomainNavBar`, use the `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to detect when the menu is opened or closed on narrow viewports.
> 
> When the menu is open on narrow viewports, ensure that the rest of the document is hidden from screen readers. This can be achieved by adding `aria-hidden="true"` or `inert` to the main content area when the menu is open.
> 
> Use the `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to detect when the menu is opened or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the menu is open on narrow viewports, ensure that the rest of the document is hidden from screen readers. This can be achieved by adding `aria-hidden="true"` or `inert` to the main content area when the menu is open.

Use the `onNarrowMenuToggle` prop to detect when the mobile menu is opened or closed.
```
